41 documentation (#55)
hpi-swa-teaching/RichClipboard: RichClipboard.package/RichClipboard.class/README.md

> RichClipboard is a clipboard manager for Squeak which stores data copied to the clipboard to allow for further usage. It enhances the basic functions of cut, copy, and paste from the default clipboard in Squeak.

Reviewer: Würde hier 
```suggestion
RichClipboard is a clipboard manager for Squeak which stores clipboard entries (clippings) to allow for further usage. It enhances the basic functions of cut, copy, and paste from the default clipboard in Squeak.
```

For first time setup, execute: `RichClipboard default openInWorld`

> 

Reviewer: Würde noch einen Link zu unserer Git Seite hinzufügen
